[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[o:rvm:p:smplayer:r:installer]
source_file  = english.pot
source_lang  = en
file_filter  = <lang>.po
type         = PO
minimum_perc = 50
trans.zh_TW  = tradchinese.po
trans.ca     = catalan.po
trans.hr     = croatian.po
trans.de     = german.po
trans.pt     = portuguese.po
trans.cs     = czech.po
trans.fr     = french.po
trans.nb_NO  = norwegian_nb.po
trans.sr     = serbian.po
trans.fi     = finnish.po
trans.ru     = russian.po
trans.tr     = turkish.po
trans.nn     = norwegian_nn.po
trans.pl     = polish.po
trans.pt_BR  = portuguesebrazil.po
trans.sk     = slovak.po
trans.hu     = hungarian.po
trans.it     = italian.po
trans.ja     = japanese.po
trans.ko     = korean.po
trans.bg     = bulgarian.po
trans.nl     = dutch.po
trans.he     = hebrew.po
trans.id     = indonesian.po
trans.sq_AL  = albanian.po
trans.am     = amharic.po
trans.ar     = arabic.po
trans.eu     = basque.po
trans.el     = greek.po
trans.fa     = farsi.po
trans.uk     = ukrainian.po
trans.da     = danish.po
trans.gl     = galician.po
trans.ms_MY  = malay.po
trans.th     = thai.po
trans.vi     = vietnamese.po
trans.ro     = romanian.po
trans.zh_CN  = simpchinese.po
trans.sl     = slovenian.po
trans.es     = spanish.po

